add space dev documentation (#55)
deta/space-docs: src/pages/docs/en/basics/data.md

During development, you can share data between your local environment and your [project](/docs/en/basics/projects) in Space.

There is two ways to inject a project key into your development environment:

> ### Using the `space dev` commands
> 
> The `space dev` and `space dev run` commands will automatically injects the proper credentials into your development environment.
> 
> ### Using the DETA_PROJECT_KEY environment variable

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Automatic setup

The Space CLI can automatically connect your local development environment with your Space project using the `space dev` command. It will generate a data key on the fly, start your Micro using a command you specify in the `Spacefile` and inject the data key into the process the Micro:

```yaml
v: 0
	micros:
	  - name: app
	    src: ./app
	    engine: nodejs16
	    primary: true
	    run: "node index.js"
	    dev: "nodemon index.js"
```

The specified command should start your program or server in development mode. Follow the instructions of the framework you are using. Learn more about developing a Space app locally in the [Micro basics](/docs/en/basics/micros#local-development).

If your program is started using the `space dev` command, the Base & Drive SDKs should work out of the box without further setup.

### Manual setup

If the automatic set up does not work for your use-case, you can manually set up your local development environment by generating a dats key from the "Data" tab on the "Develop" page, inside your Builder project.
````

During development, you can share data between your local environment and your [project](/docs/en/basics/projects) in Space.

> There is two ways to inject a project key into your development environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is two ways to setup the Deta SDK to access the Bases & Drives of your project:
```

### Automatic setup

> The Space CLI can automatically connect your local development environment with your Space project using the `space dev` command. It will generate a data key on the fly, start your Micro using a command you specify in the `Spacefile` and inject the data key into the process the Micro:

Reviewer: We should link to the CLI reference here

Author: I don't think it is necessary here. Otherwise we should add link to the cli reference in basically every sections of the doc.

Reviewer: We do in most cases. If we mention something for the first time on a page we should link to its page if it is important

```yaml
v: 0
	micros:
	  - name: app
	    src: ./app
	    engine: nodejs16
	    primary: true
	    run: "node index.js"
	    dev: "nodemon index.js"
```

> The specified command should start your program or server in development mode. Follow the instructions of the framework you are using. Learn more about developing a Space app locally in the [Micro basics](/docs/en/basics/micros#local-development).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specified command should start your program or server in development mode. Follow the instructions of the framework you are using. Learn more about developing a Space app locally in our [guide](/docs/en/basics/local).
```

> If your program is started using the `space dev` command, the Base & Drive SDKs should work out of the box without further setup.

Reviewer: We could mention `space exec` here as well

During development, you can share data between your local environment and your [project](/docs/en/basics/projects) in Space.

There is two ways to setup the Deta SDK to access the Bases & Drives of your project:

### Automatic setup

The Space CLI can automatically connect your local development environment with your Space project using the `space dev` command. It will generate a data key on the fly, start your Micro using a command you specify in the `Spacefile` and inject the data key into the process the Micro:

```yaml
v: 0
	micros:
	  - name: app
	    src: ./app
	    engine: nodejs16
	    primary: true
	    run: "node index.js"
	    dev: "nodemon index.js"
```

The specified command should start your program or server in development mode. Follow the instructions of the framework you are using. Learn more about developing a Space app locally in our [guide](/docs/en/basics/local).

If your program is started using the `space dev` command, the Base & Drive SDKs should work out of the box without further setup.

> If you want to want to run a single command against your Base or Drive, you can wrap it inside a `space exec` call:

Reviewer: This is a bit unclear to me.

Maybe:

```suggestion
If you want to want to run a one-off script or command that interacts with Base or Drive, you can wrap it inside a `space exec` call:
```

```bash
space exec --project <project-id> -- node feed-database.js
```

> 

Author: I just removed simplified the whole section, and linked to the "Developing locally page instead".
